[API and YAML changes] Only enforce latest macOS version for new hosts (#35776)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

- `deadline` specifies the deadline in `YYYY-MM-DD` format. The exact deadline is set to noon local time for hosts on macOS 14 and above, 20:00 UTC for hosts on older macOS versions. (default: `""`).
- `minimum_version` specifies the minimum required macOS version (default: `""`).

> - `update_new_hosts` - macOS hosts that automatically enroll (ADE) are updated to [Apple's latest version](TODO) during macOS Setup Assistant. For backwards compatibility, if not specified, and `deadline` and `minimum_version` are set, `update_new_hosts` is set to `true`. Otherwise, `update_new_hosts` defaults to `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `update_new_hosts` - macOS hosts that automatically enroll (ADE) are updated to [Apple's latest version](https://fleetdm.com/guides/enforce-os-updates) during macOS Setup Assistant. For backwards compatibility, if not specified, and `deadline` and `minimum_version` are set, `update_new_hosts` is set to `true`. Otherwise, `update_new_hosts` defaults to `false`.
```
